I was nervous too. I think I was in a similar position to you.
I didn't know where we were going or...
Obviously we knew the people were in the car but we didn't know what we would be doing
or what work would look like on a day-to-day basis.
Like what it would be like to be in the office.
It was very random.
Yeah, it did end up being very random to fit with what worked for us
and what worked for the things we needed to do.
So my first impressions of you, I can't really remember now exactly
but I do remember the last image I have I think is of you kind of hiding towards the gate at the back at Mencap
looking really nervous and unsure.
But I think because I was so nervous as well I didn't really take much...
I didn't really pay much attention to that.
It felt normal.
Yeah, sorrow was trying to make me speak to everyone that day.
And Becky.
It was a bit like, where are you? Get away.
Who are you people?